update /docs/testing.rst based on new tutorial tests (#3606)
pallets/flask: docs/testing.rst

test :class:`~werkzeug.test.Client` and handling the context locals for you.
You can then use that with your favourite testing solution.

> In this documentation we will use the `pytest`_ and `coverage`_ package as the base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this documentation we will use the `pytest`_ and `coverage`_ packages as the base
```

So that we can import the module ``flaskr`` correctly, we need to run
``pip install -e .`` in the folder ``tutorial``.

The Testing Setup and Fixtures
------------------------------

The test code is located in the ``tests`` directory, which is located under

> the application root. The testing file anf functions are formatted like

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
the application root. The testing file and functions are formatted like
```

> ``test_*.py`` and ``def test_*():``. They will be auto-discoverable by pytest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``test_*.py`` and ``def test_*():``. They will be auto-discoverable by Pytest.
```

    VALUES
      ('test title', 'test' || x'0a' || 'body', 1, '2018-01-01 00:00:00');

The ``app`` fixture will call the factory and pass ``test_config`` to
configure the application and database for testing instead of using your
local development configuration.

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: ``tests/conftest.py``

    import os
    import tempfile

    import pytest
    from flaskr import create_app
    from flaskr.db import get_db, init_db

    with open(os.path.join(os.path.dirname(__file__), 'data.sql'), 'rb') as f:
        _data_sql = f.read().decode('utf8')

    @pytest.fixture
    def app():
        db_fd, db_path = tempfile.mkstemp()

        app = create_app({
            'TESTING': True,
            'DATABASE': db_path,
        })

        with app.app_context():
            init_db()
            get_db().executescript(_data_sql)

        yield app

        os.close(db_fd)
        os.unlink(db_path)

    @pytest.fixture
    def client(app):
        return app.test_client()

    @pytest.fixture
    def runner(app):
        return app.test_cli_runner()

:func:`tempfile.mkstemp` creates and opens a temporary file, returning

> the file object and the path to it. The ``DATABASE`` path is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the file object and its path. The ``DATABASE`` path is
```

    from flaskr.db import get_db

    def test_get_close_db(app):
        with app.app_context():
            db = get_db()
            assert db is get_db()

        with pytest.raises(sqlite3.ProgrammingError) as e:
            db.execute('SELECT 1')

        assert 'closed' in str(e.value)

The ``init-db`` command should call the ``init_db`` function and output
a message.

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: ``tests/test_db.py``

    def test_init_db_command(runner, monkeypatch):
        class Recorder(object):
            called = False

        def fake_init_db():
            Recorder.called = True

        monkeypatch.setattr('flaskr.db.init_db', fake_init_db)
        result = runner.invoke(args=['init-db'])
        assert 'Initialized' in result.output
        assert Recorder.called

This test uses Pytest's ``monkeypatch`` fixture to replace the
``init_db`` function with one that records that it's been called. The
``runner`` fixture you wrote above is used to call the ``init-db``
command by name.

Authentication
--------------

For most of the views, a user needs to be logged in. The easiest way to
do this in tests is to make a ``POST`` request to the ``login`` view

> with the client. Rather than writing that out every time, you can write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the client. Instead of writing the same code for this many times, you can write
```

> a class with methods to do that, and use a fixture to pass it the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a class with methods which handle this, and use a fixture to pass it the client
```

            assert post is None

Running the Tests
-----------------

Some extra configuration, which is not required but makes running
tests with coverage less verbose, can be added to the project's
``setup.cfg`` file.

.. code-block:: none
    :caption: ``setup.cfg``

    [tool:pytest]
    testpaths = tests

    [coverage:run]
    branch = True
    source =
        flaskr

To run the tests, use the ``pytest`` command. It will find and run all
the test functions you've written.

.. code-block:: none

    $ pytest

    ========================= test session starts ==========================
    platform linux -- Python 3.6.4, pytest-3.5.0, py-1.5.3, pluggy-0.6.0
    rootdir: /home/user/Projects/flask-tutorial, inifile: setup.cfg
    collected 23 items

    tests/test_auth.py ........                                      [ 34%]
    tests/test_blog.py ............                                  [ 86%]
    tests/test_db.py ..                                              [ 95%]
    tests/test_factory.py ..                                         [100%]

    ====================== 24 passed in 0.64 seconds =======================

> If any tests fail, pytest will show the error that was raised. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any tests fail, Pytest will show the error that was raised. You can
```
